Gobuster - Scans the website with each word in the list, finding pages that exist on the site
Syntax: gobuster -u http://fakebank.com -w wordlist.txt dir

Offensive Security: It is the process of breaking into computer systems, exploiting software bugs, and finding loopholes in applications to gain unauthorized access to them.
Defensive security: It is the process of protecting an organization's network and computer systems by analyzing and securing any potential digital threats; learn more in the digital forensics room.

Tasks of Defensive Security:
- User cyber security awareness
- Documenting and managing assets
- Updating and patching systems
- Setting up preventative security devices
- Setting up logging and monitoring devices

Security Operations Center (SOC):
- Monitors the network and its systems to detect malicious cyber security events.

Threat Intelligence:
Gather information to help the company better prepare against potential adversaries.
Intelligence needs data. Data has to be collected, processed, and analyzed.
Vulnerabilities, Policy Violations, Unauthorized activities and Network intrusions.

Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR):
Digital forensics - Analyzing evidence of an attack and its perpetrators and other areas such as intellectual property theft, cyber espionage, and possession of unauthorized content.
File system, System memory, System logs and Network logs.
Incident Resposne - Methodology that should be followed to handle a case of How would you respond to a cyber attack?
Preparation, Detection and Analysis, Containment, Eradication and Recovery, Post Incident Activity

Malware Analysis:
Learn about malicious programs using static analysis and dynamic analysis
Virus, Trojan Horse and Ransomware

Security Analyst:
Responsible for maintaining the security of an organisation's data.

Security Engineer:
Design, monitor and maintain security controls, networks, and systems to help prevent cyberattacks.

Incident Responder:
Identifies and mitigates attacks whilst an attackers operations are still unfolding.

Digital Forensics Examiner
Responsible for using digital forensics to investigate incidents and crimes.

Malware Analyst
Analyses all types of malware to learn more about how they work and what they do

Penetration Tester
Responsible for testing technology products for security loopholes

Red Teamer
Plays the role of an adversary, attacking an organisation and providing feedback from an enemies perspective

